for insiders
are just
bring
on to maria gratia that's anyway
for you as well as we milito
the theme is on the agenda
apartment in time to know
if tomorrow afternoon if experienced
he is a problem
I do not understand it, I just stand
they have not been towed yet
an offer
where can you just pull back there
you can not implement that
to profit from these things
We are sorry but that's the way it will be next year
maybe or
so we are good are unbelievable
some of the pile left because I found
already really great fast so had
everything had already done the morning
we torment ourselves by doing a tour
and she really wanted to hide on
best then somehow the pelle or something
clear now but here
we do all tours but okay
is a woman of knowledge and she has a lot
fully shown that he just cool it
is and has everything right but beckoning
but do not see or that's the first one
the maria gratia has the tickets here
Everything has been organized for you
Megas I have to explain everything exactly
I declare that it is ready to go
again
that is very complicated but that
we 'll get the green one
10 o'clock we were four more
hours
We ask only gravel climbing
climbed down vertically like
batty 60 meters rappelled 60 meters
roped off a piece of vertical wall 16
more it was completely different as alone
hans kammerlander out extreme mountaineer
hit he has seen no troops, has
two people are all well here
somehow luxury mountain guide hans
Kammerlander after all committed to
His tour the take off now then
always always always up to you but super
We also take the hessen with it
clear
then I would have to be a narrator in peace everything
already eaten with it now we have
really exclusive